# Buy-Nulled-Hyip-ICO-Doubler-Templates-Free-Download-with-DevHyip
HYIP Manager script is a package for investment sites. This software helps you to create and manage your own HYIP with ease. The combination of price, features, performance and security are the best on the current market.  https://devhyip.com  Automatic withdrawal, instant payment and mass payment are available  Some features: Free and Paid Prebuilt Templates. Automatic withdrawal and Mass Pay Minimum withdraw amount Hold earnings for several days or till end of plan Delay earnings start for several days for deposit Internal funds transfer Deposit to balance Custom pages Administrator can define a maximum deposit for which compounding is possible. Administrator can define a minimal and maximal compounding percent. Release a deposit before deposit plan duration ends. Change System Time feature. Compounding deposits. JavaScript Calculator. Allows users to estimate theirs earnings on the fly. Multilevel referral program. Up to 10 levels. https://devhyip.com  PAYMENTS SUPPORTED Bitcoin, Perfect Money, AlertPay, EuroGoldCash, GlobalDigitalPay, eeeCurrency, LiqPay, AlterGold, Webmoney, ECUmoney, RoutePay, StrictPay, SolidTrustPay, GoldMoney, PayPal, Wire Transfers and other!  Admin can specify any additional payment system, now it is possible accept NetPay, MoneyBookers, PicPay, Credit Cards, Checks with manual transaction approvment. Admin system tray software. A referral program. Platform independent. Unlimited investment plans. Unlimited payout plans. Unlimited users. Easily customizable html. Double opt-in user registration. Advanced statistics. Send customizable newsletters to your members. Turing image for login. Ban users  Whats inside? Script zip file Installation manual   https://devhyip.com
